Win drives on SDHC cards


Under SMSQE, the Q68 uses  qxl.win  type  container  files  as  mass  storage
devices.  These files lie on the SDHC cards that you can insert into the card
reader on  the Q68. The cards must be  formatted in FAT32 format (this cannot
be done on the Q68, yet).

The corresponding SMSQ/E  device is  called "WIN"  and, potentially,  you may
have up to 8 different drives for this device, called "win1_" to "win8_".

Each WIN drive can point to one container file lying indiscriminately on SDHC
card one or two. The file name of the container file MUST be in "8.3" format,
i.e. a name of 1 to 8 characters,  possibly followed by a decimal point and a
three  letter extension. The name and extension must be in upper case and the
extension, if present, must be separated from the name by a period (".").

Please only  use  plain  ASCII  characters  for  the  name  and  no  accented
characters, i.e. the letters A-Z and numbers 0-9.

For each WIN drive, you must set the name of the container file, and the number
of the card on which this file is to be found. SMSQ/E comes preconfigured with
what the designers thinks are sensible names.


Configured drives and drive configuration

As mentioned, SMSQ/E  for  Q68  comes  preconfigured  with  the  names  of  8
container files and the cards they are supposed to be on: 

win1_ is  configured to point to  a file called "QL_WIN.BIN",  to be found on
card one.

win2_ is configured to point to a file also called "QL_WIN.BIN", but which is
to be found on card two.

win3_ to win4_  are  configured  to  point,  respectively,  to  files  called
"QL_WIN3.BIN"  and "QL_WIN4.BIN" which are also supposed to lie an card 1. 

The  files "QL_WIN5.BIN", "QL_WIN6.BIN", "QL_WIN7.BIN" and "QL_WIN8.BIN", for
drives win5_ to win8_, respectively, are supposed to lie an card 2.

You can  configure  these   names  with  the   usual  configuration  program,
Menuconfig is the best choice here. This  lets  you  set  the  name  of  each
container  file for each of the drives, and the cards they are supposed to be
found on.

You won't be able  to enter a  name that does  not comply with  the 8.3 FAT32
standard, but you  may give the name  in lower case, it  will be converted to
upper case later.



Important notes on cards and container files

1 - Do not rip out a card whilst the machine is running and certainly not when
there are files still open to a drive.

If you rip out a card whilst there are still files open, data loss WILL occur.
Note that you will NOT be able to write the missing data to the card even if you
reinsert it!

To make it safe to remove the card whilst SMSQ/E is still running, you mau use
the "WIN_SAFE" command (see below). This checks whether it is safe to remove the
SDHC card from the reader. If this command returns without error, then it is
safe to remove the card, else an error (most likely "in use") will be returned.


2 -  Do not point two different WIN drives  to the same container file on the
same card. For the time being, the system doesn't stop you from doing so, but
data loss and file corruption WIN (not "can") occur as a result!

If  in doubt, use the  WIN_DRIVE$ function to consult  the list of containers
files already assigned to a drive.


3  - Before you can use drives on an SDHC card, the card must be initialised.
Card 1  is automatically initialised at  boot time. By design,  card 2 is not
initialised at boot time. You have to initialise it yourself. You can do this
with the supplied WIN_INIT command.
  

4 - Special precautions must be taken when writing the container files to the
card.  You should dedicate a card solely for the purpose of using it with the
Q68. 

SMSQ/E requires an SDHC card formatted  in  FAT32  format  with  a  partition
table.  SMSQ/E can only recognise  a file that lies  within the first sixteen
entries of the FAT32 directory.
 
Thus, before writing the container files, the card must be freshly formatted.
Then write each container file immediately after formatting the card.


Never delete a file from the card, but always format it, then first write the
SMSQ/E operating  system  to  a  file  named  "QL_RAM.BIN".  Then  write  the
containers  files: Container  files must  lie  in  contiguous sectors  on the
FAT32  directory  structure of the SDHC card. This means that if you delete a
file from the card and later write container file to the card, this container
file may be fragmented and not lie in contiguous sectors on the card. If this
happens,  you WILL experience  data loss, and  other files on  the card might
also be irrevoverably damaged. If  in  doublt,  you  may  use  the  WIN_CHECK
command. This will tell you whether a container file is fragmented or safe to
use.


Basic commands


The basic commands related to drives are as follows :


WIN_DRIVE 
=========

assigns a container file on a card to become a drive.

Syntax:

WIN_DRIVE drive, card,file_name$


where :

   - drive is the WIN drive number (1 ... 8) to be assigned.

   - card is the SDHC card on which the file can be found (1 or 2).

   - file_name$ is the container file. The file name MUST be in "8.3" format,
i.e. a name of one to 8 characters, a decimal point and an extension of up to
three  letters. The extension, if present, must be separated from the name by
a period (".").

Please note that this command does  not  check  that  the  file  is  actually
present and readable on the card.

The WIN_DRIVE command has an intended side-effect :


If the  command is applied to a card  that isn't present (any more), all
channels to all drives  that would  have corresponded  to files  on that
card are closed, and  the drive  definition blocks  for such  drives are
removed.

This is a protection against a card being ripped out of the drive, a new
one inserted and a write operation to the new card being made. That way,
at least, no old information will be written to the new card.


Example:

WIN_DRIVE 2,6,"QXL.WIN"

make the file "QXL.WIN" on card 2 into WIN drive 6.




WIN_DRIVE$ 
==========

This function  returns the name of  a file corresponding to  a drive, and the
card on which this file should be found.

Syntax:

name$=WIN_DRIVE$(drive)

where

   - drive is the drive to be questioned (1 to 8)

The function returns, as a string, the name of the container file assigned to
the drive passed as parameter, as well as the number of the card this file is
on (1  or 2), separated from the name by  a comma. Please note that this does
not tell you whether such a file actually exists on the card.


Example :

PRINT WIN_DRIVE$(6) might return "QL_WIN6.BIN,2"

this  means that the drive  win6_ is assigned to  a file called "QL_WIN6.BIN"
which is to be found on the card in slot 2.



WIN_SAFE 
========

This command checks whether it is safe to remove a card.

Syntax:

WIN_SAFE card

where - card is the SDHC card on which the file can be found (1 or 2).


If this returns without error, then the card may be safely removed.


Example:

WIN_SAFE 1

checks whether card 1 may be safely removed.





WIN_CHECK 
=========

Checks  whether a container file on the  card is indeed in contiguous sectors
on the card.

Syntax :

WIN_CHECK drive     

where

- drive is the WIN drive to be questioned

If  this does not  return an error,  the container file  corresponding to the
drive is ok.
 

WIN_USE
and
WIN_WP   
=======

These are the standard SMSQ/E keywords and work as expected.



WIN_FORMAT
WIN_START
WIN_STOP
WIN_REMV
WIN_SLUG

These commands, whilst present, have no effect at all.
