program dev8_sbsext_tk2_bin

filetype 0

section base
section banner
section init
section tk2
section procs
section defs
section exten
section mdv
section nd

input dev8_sbsext_tk2_version_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_base_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_init_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_banner_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_english_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_wdef_rel
!! dev8_sbsext_tk2_procs_asm
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_procs_respr_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_view_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_dset_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_ddef_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_mkdir_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_maint_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_wild_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_wclook_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_spl_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_basic_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_file_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_call_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_exsbas_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_jobf_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_jobs_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_fopen_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_close_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_fhead_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_fdate_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_da_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_pusing_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_decs_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_dcstr_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_hex_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_curs_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_char_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_wind_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_heap_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_ddefb_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_pars_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_err_rel
input dev8_sbsext_ext_errdf_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_extras_rel
input dev8_sbsext_tk2_akey_rel
library dev8_sbsext_tk2_akey_rel
library dev8_sbsext_tk2_mdv_rel
library dev8_dd_qlnd_lib
library dev8_sbsext_tk2_ed_lib
library dev8_sbsext_tk2_hotstuff_rel
library dev8_sbsext_utq_lib
library dev8_util_gut_lib
library dev8_util_cv_lib
